date: September 11, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<pkearney>, <jsingh27>, <mrnorton>, <ewyang>, <mjkall>, <xenalin>, <fengyuwu>, <tjquinn>]
absent: [<ubit>,]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <mrnorton>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <ewyang>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <mjkall>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <xenalin>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <fengyuwu>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app},
  {ubit: <tjquinn>, progress: Disscussed as a group the goal of ParkingSwap and brianstormed ideas on how to implement necessary features of the app, Record Minutes}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  -By the end of first meeting, a few basic sketches of the UI were drawn up on the white board, but nothing concrete was established.  
  -The app will be developed in andriod studio using an emulator to test our code is working properly.  
  -Team members are expected to download and install andriod studio on their personal machine for our next meeting. 
  -Meeting again tomorrow Sept. 12, 2016.
  
