date: November 16, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<pkearney>, <jsingh27>, <mrnorton>, <mjkall>, <amingola>, <fengywu>, <tjquinn>]
absent: [<ubit>,]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress:None},
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress:  Completed thread class objects & restructure to pass needed GPS info back to other users(park -> leave and vv},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress: Successfully updated the Map Gui to show the location of the person who is leaving, so the user who is parking can swap the spot, this was done using Polylines},
  {ubit: <mrnorton>, progress: Finished editing server code for Queues class},
  {ubit: <ewyang>, progress: working on passing class object instead of stream for server},
  {ubit: <mjkall>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <amingola>, progress: Integrated S3 buckets-related code into the app and restructured the packets to conform to Java convention},
  {ubit: <fengyuwu>, progress: Work on Facebook sign out button},
  {ubit: <tjquinn>, progress: Each queue has its own version of the matching method identified by the sector}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
