date: November 12, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<pkearney>, <jsingh27>, <mrnorton>, <mjkall>, <amingola>, <tjquinn>]
absent: [<fengywu>,]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress:None},
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress:  None},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <mrnorton>, progress: Reconfigured our server queue code to a more condensed form},
  {ubit: <ewyang>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <mjkall>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <amingola>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <fengyuwu>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <tjquinn>, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
